{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red26\green26\blue26;\red13\green13\blue13;\red255\green255\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c13333\c13333\c13333;\cssrgb\c5882\c5882\c5882;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;
}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww24720\viewh16420\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs38 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
I\'92m Cat Finsness, a filmmaker and artist with a love for experimental animation.\
I studied Documentary Filmmaking at The School of Visual Arts in NYC and have had experience creating a few short documentary films. Since moving to the West Coast I have become more infatuated with animation and hoping to transition to a related career.\cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Most of my work lives in the world of the tangible. I like to incorporate celluloid film and printed materials to make tactile and textural creations. But lately, I\'92ve found myself looking for the bridge between that tactile world and the digital one. That\'92s why your work resonates with me so much. Specifically, your animations such as \'91
\fs40 \AppleTypeServices \cf3 \cb4 Title 1\'92
\fs38 \AppleTypeServices\AppleTypeServicesF65539 \cf2 \cb1   and \'91Title 2\'92 struck me because they feel alive in a way most digital animation doesn't. I am eager to learn your philosophies on movement and storytelling while providing the hands-on support you need to bring your next project to life.\cf2 \
\cf2 I\'92m currently based in San Francisco, but I\'92m ready to move to Portland for a few months this winter (or NYC in the future, where I spent 8 years) to make this work. I\'92m a hard worker and eager to learn. I believe and I hope I could be helpful to you. My skillset contains some of the following:\cf2 \
(Lists skills) \
I\'92ve also included my portfolio below here for you to explore. I\'92d love to help you build whatever is next.\
Thanks for your consideration.\
Hope to hear from you soon!\
Cat Finsness\
\
\cf2 In my own work, I enjoy creating animations on celluloid film (using an old 16mm Bolex camera) but I\'92ve found myself looking to bridge the gap between the physical and digital, by leveraging professional tools and softwares to expand my practice. I am eager to learn more about animation workflows using tools like After Effects or Blender. \cf2 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 I\'92m currently based in San Francisco, but I\'92m ready to move to Portland for a few months this winter (or NYC in the future, where I spent 8 years) to make this work. I\'92m a hard worker and eager to learn. I believe and I hope I could be helpful to you. My skillset contains some of the following:\
\
\
\
\
}